op-guide: update docs for shared block cache (#1114)
pingcap/docs: op-guide/tune-tikv.md

    
    - The `default` CF stores the Raft log. The corresponding parameters are in `[raftdb.defaultcf]`.

> By default, all CFs share one block cache instance. You can configure the size of the cache by setting `capacity` parameter under `[storage.block-cache]`. The bigger the block cache, the more hot data can be cached, and the easier to read data, in the meantime, the more system memory will be occupied. To use separate block cache instance for each CF, set `shared=false` under `[storage.block-cache]`, and configure individual block cache size for each CF. For example, you can configure the size of `write` CF by setting `block-cache-size` parameter under `[rocksdb.writecf]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all CFs share one block cache instance. You can configure the size of the cache by setting the `capacity` parameter under `[storage.block-cache]`. The bigger the block cache, the more hot data can be cached, and the easier to read data, in the meantime, the more system memory is occupied. To use a separate block cache instance for each CF, set `shared=false` under `[storage.block-cache]`, and configure individual block cache size for each CF. For example, you can configure the size of `write` CF by setting the `block-cache-size` parameter under `[rocksdb.writecf]`.
```

# `scheduler-worker-pool-size` higher and increase the number of write threads.
# scheduler-worker-pool-size = 4

[storage.block-cache]
## Whether to create a shared block cache for all RocksDB column families.
##
## Block cache is used by RocksDB to cache uncompressed blocks. Big block cache can speed up read.
## It is recommended to turn on shared block cache. Since only the total cache size need to be

> ## set, it is easier to config. In most cases it should be able to auto-balance cache usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## set, it is easier to configure. In most cases, it should be able to auto-balance cache usage
```
